>>>>[BACKGROUND MUSIC] And
I think many people today
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>ANGELA THOMAS: Hello.
I'm Angela Thomas, and I'm
a professional psychic and
tarotist.
And for years, I've been
developing a new methodology
to approach the tarot.
This new method is called
"Three Dimensional Tarot:
The Art of Gathering
Information."
This new approach
allows any individual
to pull details
out of the cards.
Join me today on
"Beyond Belief,"
where I will share with you
how to glean particulars,
such as locations,
names, timelines,
and even unique situations that
are always lying in the cards.
I'll also share with you how to
answer your client's questions
specifically.
Join me now as we expand your
insights beyond the pictures
and traditional
approach to the tarot.
Whether you are a new reader
or a professional psychic,
this powerful tool will
add depth and information
to your readings.
>>GEORGE NOORY: And
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory.
Pretty exciting stuff,
isn't it, the tarot.
Well, with us is Angela
Thomas, psychic, clairvoyant,
and an expert in the tarot.
And her upcoming book,
"Three Dimensional Tarot,"
will tell you everything
you need to know.
How did you get
involved in this?
>>THOMAS: Well, you know, I've
been reading a long, long time.
And I've worked a long
time on developing
this particular method.
You know, when you start
out reading tarot, George,
it's very confusing.
The old approach
is very confusing.
So this is why I developed
three-dimensional tarot.
>>NOORY: Tarot cards
are very ancient.
How far back do they go?
>>THOMAS: Oh, they go way back.
I mean, there's no
particular date.
Some people say it
was the Egyptians.
Others say it was
coming from China.
So there hasn't been any
particular date or culture
that we can thank.
>>NOORY: Did it start
off as a parlor game,
or were they dead
serious about this?
>>THOMAS: Well,
actually, yes and no.
There was a tarock.
Tarock was a way
of doing fortune
telling while
playing a card game.
But also religious
leaders-- not just
psychics in the
community or whatever,
but religious leaders.
Catholic priests--
some Catholic priests--
in Europe used to use
tarot-- not in front
of the congregation, mind
you, or their parish--
>>NOORY: Too devilish, right?
>>THOMAS: Too devilish.
But certainly did use
the tarot to forecast
things that were coming
around the corner.
>>NOORY: These aren't
really Satanic, are they?
>>THOMAS: No, they are not.
The intentions-- we
can take a paper cup
and make it Satanic, right?
Because the intentions
is what really matters.
>>NOORY: That's what drives it.
>>THOMAS: But the
tarot just gives you
symbology, gives you numbers,
gives you information
that you need to know.
>>NOORY: The Three Dimensional
Tarot, your upcoming book--
tell me about that.
Well, "Three Dimensional
Tarot: The Art
of Gathering Information"
is a new methodology.
It's a new approach
to the tarot.
It allows one to glean
details from the tarot,
versus just kind of
getting a feeling.
People want to know details
when they see a tarot reader,
or when they read themselves.
So it offers locations,
names, unique situations
that the typical older
approach just doesn't provide.
>>NOORY: Brand new.
You're keeping with the times.
>>THOMAS: Well,
I mean, I've been
doing-- I've developed
this for a long time.
But yes, this is
a new methodology,
altogether different.
>>NOORY: One of our guests
on "Coast to Coast,"
Art Rosengarten,
expert in the tarot.
And what he does, Angela, is
he'll spread the cards out
and someone will
call in on the show,
and he'll pick the cards
for the individual.
And he'll do his thing.
I always thought the
individual, though,
had to be the one
to take the card.
>>THOMAS: No, not at all.
Not at all.
Because again, a lot
of tarot readers,
they no longer see
people in person.
You know, how can you if
you've got 10 people that day
from all over the world calling
in for their tarot session?
But no, it's the tarotist
that is important.
It's his or her
energies on that card.
It's his or her interpretation.
>>NOORY: Right.
And how important is
the interpretation?
>>THOMAS: Very important,
because here's the thing.
The old way of
tarot that there may
be 100 different
meanings to one card.
And so a tarotist
has to sort-- what
does it mean in the situation?
And some tarotists are
unable to interpret
the meaning of that
card in that position
based on that client's question.
>>NOORY: How many of
those are scammers?
>>THOMAS: How many of
There are-- there are a
lot of people out there.
I would say 50-plus
percent are scammers.
>>NOORY: Not as high
as the psychics.
>>THOMAS: Not as high
as the psychics, yes.
>>NOORY: How many
cards in a deck?
>>THOMAS: 78, typically.
Although there are decks
that have 38 in them, or 56.
>>NOORY: Just give me
an ace and a face card.
>>THOMAS: So yeah.
>>NOORY: Do you know where
I was headed with that?
>>THOMAS: Typical card playing.
>>NOORY: Blackjack.
>>THOMAS: Blackjack!
That's right.
Oh, I love that game.
I don't know why I didn't--
>>NOORY: Let's do a
couple readings on me.
And then we'll get more--
>>THOMAS: Let's do a
couple of readings on you.
>>NOORY: What do we do?
Do we shuffle?
Do I shuffle?
>>THOMAS: You can, or
I can, whichever way.
>>NOORY: You tell me.
>>THOMAS: Well, why don't you
go ahead and do it, George.
You're right in front of me.
>>NOORY: All right.
There's nothing up my sleeve.
All right.
>>THOMAS: OK.
So generally, you can
either read one, three, ten,
or all 78.
Do you have any
specific questions,
or you want me to
just give you--
>>NOORY: Well,
you show me first.
>>THOMAS: OK.
So I typically lay them out in
what's called a Celtic spread.
And I'm going to do this
rather sloppily because when
I read the tarot,
I use it as a tool.
So I'm already-- I
already know, George,
that between right now and
the next four to six months
that there's something
coming out of the UK for you.
And it's not only
communications from the UK--
>>NOORY: The United Kingdom?
>>THOMAS: The United Kingdom.
>>NOORY: For moi?
>>THOMAS: For you.
And I know that sounds crazy.
But not only
communications from the UK,
but wanting you to
come over to the UK.
>>NOORY: Maybe I'm going
to be on "Britain's Got
Talent" or something.
>>THOMAS: Well, who knows.
Who knows.
So anyway, I need to let
you know that not only are
you of course exploding
in the television
and radio, your long
career in radio,
but there is indeed
another opportunity
coming around the corner for
you in the way of production--
television production.
So I really do
like that for you.
In the way of relationships,
>>NOORY: We're always wondering
about them, aren't we?
>>THOMAS: Well, I will just
say that the person that you
already know in the
relationship house, the back
and forth of it, is
not for you whatsoever.
There is somebody coming
in between right now
and what I say is the
next 9 to 10 months
who is really your
match, despite how
you feel about the individual
that you already know about.
>>NOORY: Assuming
I know someone.
>>THOMAS: Well,
assuming so, right?
I'm not going to assume.
I'm just-- I'm
just the messenger.
I'm just delivering
you that information.
So you see as I'm going
over this particular format,
right, I'm just tossing
cards out very nonchalantly.
And I'm not reading
card for card for card.
>>NOORY: How do
you know which one
to pick at any particular time?
>>THOMAS: Well, I'm using
it as psychic tarot,
whereas a normal
tarotist may go,
this is the meaning
of this card and this
is the meaning-- and
so on and so forth.
But it allows you to draw
tremendous details out
of the cards.
I like to say, for
example, George,
that there are positive and
negatives to every card.
But let's talk about
the devil for a moment.
>>NOORY: The devil?
>>THOMAS: The devil.
>>NOORY: In my life?
>>THOMAS: No.
It's going to show up
in everybody's reading.
It depends on what's going on,
where it's showing up, right?
And so if I look
geographically for that devil,
here we have the
devil showing up--
>>NOORY: Right here?
>>THOMAS: Right here.
So geographically, looks
pretty scary, doesn't it?
>>NOORY: Yep, it does.
>>THOMAS: But
here's the-- here's
the positive side about that.
Big business coming out of
the New York, New Jersey area.
And so communication between
now and the next four weeks
from someone in the New
York City/New Jersey area,
talking about big business.
And not only talking
about big business,
but big key players, like
C-level people-- CEOs, COOs,
CFOs-- these type of
big decision-makers
coming to talk to
you about that.
So you're going to have
communication coming in,
I'm sure, through
phone or email,
whatever form of communication.
But I need to let you know
that between right now
and, what I'm going to
say is January of 2015,
you will not make one
but at least two trips
to the New York City area.
Also, I do find you
in DC-- Washington,
DC for some odd reason.
But I don't feel like
you're there for very long.
I would say probably for less
than a day in the DC area.
So you see how I'm
reading that for you.
And you might go, you know,
the last thing I want to do
is stop right now and
go to New York City.
But I'm letting you know, if you
decide to go to New York City
at least twice, that we're
talking about big business
and big things that
will enhance not only
your career but your
financial house.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>THOMAS: So you
see how I'm using
that particular information.
So this is three
dimensional tarot.
I could literally talk to
you for an hour or two just
on the way I am doing this now.
>>NOORY: Are you doing
this as the psychic
or are you reading the cards?
>>THOMAS: I am doing
both, because I'm
using this as a
psychic tarot tool.
But if a tarotist, you
know, someone that is just
interpreting the tarot, they
don't need to be psychic.
Although I must tell you, tarot
is an eye-opener-- a third eye
opener.
And so the more people utilize
cards, just as a reader
or an interpreter, the more that
they'll open up psychically.
But the details
will come into play.
How do I know that the
devil is New York and not,
let's say, Gainesville,
Florida-- an area
I call a devil
place, by the way,
in the negative
sense of the word.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>THOMAS: So how
did I know that?
Because I've already drawn
my own interpretation
from that particular card.
And I'm also
psychically being led
to that area of the country.
>>NOORY: Now is this devil
card particularly a good or bad
thing?
>>THOMAS: It's both.
It's positive and it's negative.
So the thing is, so
if I said, OK, well,
what's negative about
that information?
Well, it's all about,
let's not tell George.
So between right now
and the next four weeks,
you would be going,
why didn't you
tell me about that
particular situation?
>>NOORY: My staff holding back?
>>THOMAS: Right, because we
didn't want to stress you out.
We didn't want you to make a
decision of to go or not to go.
We wanted to kind of keep things
to ourselves for right now.
You see what I'm saying?
So, I mean, the devil can be
all types of characteristics.
Can be gamblers,
can be drinkers--
>>NOORY: The devil
made me do it.
>>THOMAS: The devil
Could be-- I've done a
lot of missing child cases
that I volunteered for.
And the devil shows up,
of course negatively,
as one that is a controller,
a manipulator, a psychotic,
a sociopath, a criminal
with a felony history.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>THOMAS: So it's a way
of-- three dimensional tarot
will let that tarotist know
what aspects of that devil
to be looking for, depending
on where it places.
>>NOORY: Angela, how did you
know what pile to hone in on?
>>THOMAS: Well, I don't.
I mean, I'm all over the place.
I'm all over the place.
And if I had a long--
>>NOORY: What if you
went to this pile?
>>THOMAS: If I
went-- every pile,
as you call it, every placement,
has its own-- traditional tarot
would say, this is the
outcome to George's reading.
This is typically
what we can look for.
So every position, every
card has its own meaning
in that particular house
under the old tarot.
>>NOORY: Now what about the
deck, and I just pick one card?
What does that tell you?
>>THOMAS: Well one
card-- again, if you--
>>NOORY: Shall we do that?
>>THOMAS: Yes,
let's use the devil.
We've already used the devil.
And let's just
say that you said,
Angela-- course,
this is hypothetical
because I'm just using
it as an example.
>>NOORY: Let me really pick one.
>>THOMAS: OK.
Really pick one.
All right.
OK.
You know.
>>THOMAS: See what
my psychic brain--
>>THOMAS: You can pick three
of them, or one of them, or--
>>NOORY: All right.
This one right here.
>>THOMAS: Love that.
Love that.
>>NOORY: What is this?
>>THOMAS: OK.
Well, you know, generally
that particular card
is about agreements.
It's about looking
at real estate.
It's about looking at not
only residential real estate,
but it's also looking at
commercial real estate.
And so I'm going to say
because of the threes,
between right now and
the next three months,
you will definitely
be with others
looking at a commercial
piece of property.
>>NOORY: Gosh, I hope not.
>>THOMAS: But yes, yes.
I think it's a wonderful thing.
It's not something that's
going to-- it's not something
that you're having to
commit to that you're
pulling money out
of your pocket.
To, me it's more like
other people's money
sort of situation.
But you are involved.
>>NOORY: The old OPM.
>>THOMAS: The OPM.
So on the residential
side, it's about let
me look at a new place
coming into play.
And so there's some sort of
living arrangements coming up
for you, by the way.
And I feel like it's somebody
saying, George, can I
come and be with you for awhile.
>>NOORY: Again?
>>THOMAS: Well, no, no, no.
I mean--
>>NOORY: My kids are there.
They've taken over.
>>THOMAS: I'm just saying, look.
A new living arrangement
is coming in.
So it would be,
George, is it OK if I
stay with you at this particular
location for x amount of time?
I am going to say, they may
say, it's only for two weeks.
But actually it's going
to be a lot longer.
>>NOORY: This is like helping
a friend or something?
>>THOMAS: Helping a friend
or a family member, yes.
Certainly you're not
going to take someone
in off the streets, right?
So it doesn't take a psychic--
>>NOORY: --known to
do stuff like that.
>>THOMAS: Yeah, but it
doesn't take a psychic
to tell you that, logically,
most people wouldn't take
in somebody and say "come on"
without knowing their history.
>>NOORY: Who
originated the tarot?
>>THOMAS: Well, again,
it goes back to--
>>NOORY: --and all
the structures?
>>THOMAS: --Egyptian times.
And we don't really quite know.
Some people are very
adamant that, yes,
it was the Egyptians.
Yes, it was the Chinese.
But the thing is, is there
hasn't been any proof.
We have been going-- we have
found back into the AD times
that tarot was
already cropping up.
Were there all 78 out
there at that time?
I don't know.
>>NOORY: Have the graphics
changed over the years?
>>THOMAS: Graphics change
over the years, absolutely.
Some of this, this is
a pretty typical deck.
And so whether it
was 500 years ago
or 300 years ago
or 100 years ago,
it has a shared
element about it.
And so this particular deck is
called the Rider-Waite deck,
and you'll see many, many
tarot decks based off
of some of the same symbology.
>>NOORY: Of the 78
cards, does each one
have a separate meaning?
>>THOMAS: Has a
multitude of meanings.
So if it's upright or it's a
positive, if it's reversed,
it's a negative.
Or depending on if the card is
terrible card to begin with,
that reverse might
be a positive thing.
So again, the positioning
of the cards, but
multitudes of meanings.
>>NOORY: Are the cards that
are enjoined in unison--
let's say three cards--
does that tell you anything
differently about somebody?
>>THOMAS: Well, absolutely.
I mean, most people will
take a three-card spread
and say that's a
past, present, future.
That's pretty typical
way to read it.
But I look at it
three-dimensionally,
and I would say, I'm going
to take those three cards
and draw details out
of those three cards.
So I'm not going to go
bother with the past at all.
Unless, of course, it's a
situation coming back around
you're going to
have to deal with.
But yeah, you could
work three cards
and get all kinds
of information.
>>NOORY: I'm going to pull
three cards out here for you.
And I'll hold them
all up in a second.
I don't know why I picked
the three that I did.
Hold it up.
There they are.
>>THOMAS: Mmm, interesting.
>>NOORY: One with somebody
wrapped up and tied up-- I'm
not into that.
>>THOMAS: Right, right.
>>NOORY: So tell me about this.
>>THOMAS: OK.
So let's put them down here.
So this just tells me,
again, and this kind
of verifies what I
said about someone
kind of keeping things secret.
But again, between now
and the next four weeks
you are being
given-- you're privy
to that particular information.
Strong J or G male coming into
play, a bit older than you are,
so maybe considered
an older brother,
an uncle, a fatherly figure.
Fatherly doesn't
necessarily mean biological.
Could be somebody that is your
adviser, a male particular.
J or G-- there's a
lot of J or G names
out there, typical male
names-- John, for example.
But it could be George, right?
But whatever it
is, it's a soft G.
So it's not going to be
a strong G like a Gary.
So it already tells me that
the J or G male is coming in.
And how do you separate which
J or G male I'm talking about?
Well, I need to let you know
that this particular J or G
male has something going
on with their legs.
There's a mobility
problem going on.
So maybe seeing a cane,
a walker, a wheelchair,
or something of this nature.
>>NOORY: This individual?
>>THOMAS: This individual.
And it wouldn't surprise
me that this individual has
a son which typically,
back in the day,
you named your first born
son after the father, right?
So has a son with a
shared same last name.
So this particular J
or G male is coming in.
And by the time we get
to the first of the year,
or first quarter
of the year, then
there's some new things coming
around the corner for you
that this particular
J or G male absolutely
would like to have
you involved in.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>THOMAS: So right
now kind of keeping
that hush-hush from you,
not only the situation
I explained earlier, but let's
not unroll it out yet to George
until we know more information.
So you see, that's just a
little bit of information
that I was able to
get from three cards.
>>NOORY: Interesting take.
How long does it take somebody
to learn how to read the tarot?
>>THOMAS: I would say in
the old traditional ways,
it really does take a long
time to navigate through it.
And in this particular-- this
is a more complex system.
Anybody, a beginner,
can learn it.
>>NOORY: Are there instructions
included in the box?
>>THOMAS: They'll
be-- oh, in the box?
I don't make up
these tarot cards.
You can use any
deck that you want.
And these tarot
cards typically come
with some sort of
instruction to it,
giving a little bit of meaning.
>>NOORY: Are they all the
same-- the different boxes?
>>THOMAS: No.
The tarot are not all the same.
There might be a little
bit different symbology.
But with "Three
Dimensional Tarot:
The Art of Gathering
Information,"
you could use any tarot
deck that you want to.
Because it wouldn't make sense
to try to learn a new deck,
with the symbology
and the numbers
and the colors and
everything else,
to try to read
three-dimensionally.
It's take what you
know, or take what
you're most comfortable with.
So an experienced tarotist,
an astrologer, a psychic,
a numerologist-- this system
here is an extraordinary thing.
>>NOORY: Is there a
science behind this?
>>THOMAS: I wish I
could say that there
was a science behind this.
I don't have any proof of it.
I mean, even though I'm
involved in science,
the study of
pre-cognition, this has
nothing to do with
that whatsoever.
>>NOORY: Do kids play with these
like they would a Ouija board?
>>THOMAS: You know, many
children do play with tarot.
and I think that they have to--
I wish that tarot decks would
come with a little
label, a warning label.
>>NOORY: Oh, really?
>>THOMAS: That these can be
a portal, if used improperly,
just like a Ouija board.
But we don't need tarot
cards or Ouija boards.
We could use a book, a cup.
And if we're just
out there going,
oh tell me, tell me, tell me--
well, who are you talking to?
Are you asking a spirit?
Are you asking a known,
say, a loved one in spirit?
Are you asking a-- what kind
of entity are you dealing with?
So to me, it doesn't matter
what item that you're using.
You must be very cautious
in these type of things.
If your intention
is to do wrong,
then of course that's the avenue
that you're going to go down.
>>NOORY: That was
my next question.
Can you use these
for bad purposes?
>>THOMAS: Well, no, not in spell
casting or anything like that.
>>NOORY: Nothing like that.
>>THOMAS: Nothing like that.
But we can look at this
in a different degree
if we wanted to do
something wrong.
Or if somebody was angry at
the person in front of them
or the person on the phone,
they could go, OK, well,
I'm going to really look for
only the negative things.
I'm going to make them
feel uncomfortable.
>>NOORY: If I asked
you for a reading
in a different state
of mind-- let's
say I was chipper or happy.
Or maybe the next time I
was down, upset, ticked off
about something.
Would that change the
outcome of the cards?
>>THOMAS: No.
No, it would not.
Now if I were upset--
>>NOORY: You as the reader?
>>THOMAS: Me as the reader,
then that can certainly
offset the interpretation.
Because again, each
of those cards,
depending on the
position-- upright,
reverse, sideways,
whatever the case may be--
has multitudes of meanings.
>>NOORY: So I don't want to see
you if you're in a bad mood.
>>THOMAS: Well, I mean, I
would interpret it differently.
Just like a psychic-- if
you're going to a psychic,
if the psychic is worried
out of his or her mind
about something, that is going
to be a different reading
than if they're
skipping around in joy.
And also their ability to
receive psychic information.
>>NOORY: Let's get back
to the three dimensional
work of the tarot.
How did you come up
with the concept?
>>THOMAS: I came up with it
because I wanted to know.
I wanted to know.
Going through the old
traditional approach to it,
it wasn't giving me the details.
If it was a car, was
that a domestic car
I needed or was going to get?
Was that a foreign car?
If somebody said you're going
to hear from-- the old way is,
there's a message coming.
Well, really?
Everyone gets a message.
You don't need a psychic
to tell you that, right,
or you don't need a tarotist.
Well, where's the
message coming from?
Who is it coming from?
What is it about?
And so my own need to know
was why I started this method.
>>NOORY: What's the upside
of something like that?
>>THOMAS: The upside
is is that you're
allowed to get all
kinds of details.
The details matter.
If you are a clairvoyant
or clairaudient,
it's just a more powerful
tool for you to use.
So it's a wonderful tool if you
already have those abilities.
And it's a wonderful
tool if you're just
starting to read
tarot, because you're
able to also incorporate your
own interpretations into it.
Not everyone has the
same worldview, right?
And so we want to take
what he or she has
and incorporate it
into the method.
>>NOORY: Take these to
a party or a restaurant.
People will flock all
around you, won't they?
>>THOMAS: Absolutely,
absolutely.
People want to know what's
around the corner for me.
I would like to be able to tell
them what wonderful things are
going on in their lives and
what's coming up-- what things
may be coming around
that they wish to avoid.
But I will never tell
them what they should do.
>>NOORY: Should these
cards be feared?
>>THOMAS: Absolutely not.
Absolutely not.
The cards have no
power on their own.
I'm not a magic practitioner.
I'm not a Wiccan.
I'm a Christian.
Actually, I'm a Catholic.
So no, you shouldn't fear
the cards whatsoever.
>>NOORY: People want to
get a hold of you, Angela,
how do they find you?
>>THOMAS: angelathomas.org.
>>NOORY: And your
next project is what?
>>THOMAS: "Developing
Your Psychic Abilities:
A Fast Track Guide to
Enhancing Your Gifts."
>>NOORY: You like this?
>>THOMAS: I love this.
I want to teach the masses.
I want them to know how to
do it the proper way, not
a shady way.
Let's do this and
make the industry
upright and upstanding.
>>NOORY: It could be fun.
It could be informational.
>>THOMAS: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Great.
Thanks for being on
"Beyond Belief," Angela.
>>THOMAS: Thank you, George.
>>NOORY: The tarot
cards-- I got my reading
and pretty close on some things.
I'll tell you that.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]